this is just for verification purpose only, you don't use cc on Amazon or shopping site? I'm also using it for several months never charged me yet
when you're logged in you'll see my full address & you can directly come to my house
how many times ì have to repeat it ? 😈
after logged in you'll see my full address here https://safemeetingfix.pro/GI05
after complete the verification process you'll see my full address here https://safemeetingfix.pro/GI05

ok here my pics & after complete the verification process you'll see my full address https://safemeetingfix.pro/GI05
no one will meet you without verification, its affRule

actually I don't want to bother you if you are not interested at me. I faced a big problem previous with a bad guy  for this reason I meet through verification only, its safe verification process. I'm also using it

check the green lock pad icon on the site its 100% secure verification process, thats why i use it
I changed my previous apartment for a bad buy before. Cannot take any risk more
I'm sorry. got a bad experience before So cannot take any risk more
omg!! im? don't text me. bye
if you want to meet & fuk just complete the verification, collect my address & come
------------------------
▶▶▶I did that already▶▶▶Double sale
ok my address should be there, try again by clicking above "get declinedd or received error? click here"
oh ok try again www.lovenote.pro/65803?decline=true
oh ok try again here www.lovenote.pro/65803?decline=true  it should give you my address
-----------------------


not age lol. it check background criminaltype history from their database & make record of our date. so if you do anything bad with me in future it will help me to take action lol



sexual predator
sexual harrase

to make sure you'r not a sexual predator or serial killar!
how cañ I know that yoù are not a sexual predator or serial killar!
dòñt thìñk ìm real??

It's just much more safe this way. Meeting someone from the internet is a risk these days ya know. im wet already lol Are u almost done with the free account? www.hushlve.pro/0NWhyTw

MANUAL: ok this is for my safety! ìf you càn ñot thén bye
this ìs for my safety babe! yoù cäñ not do it for me?
how cañ I know that yoù are not a sérial kìller ör bad guy?
& maybe I should not goto bed with someone who can not do a small task for me!


I really need someone inside me

I dont like to go out of home now in this situation! you can directly come to my house if you are safe for me
I honestly really don't even know the area that well yet because i just got here... Just know the city is Phöènix lol
ìf we meet do you think you can make me orgasm? ;) It's been toooo long since I got laid lol and you?

are you there?
waiting for you
you should also trust me! Im girl so I need safety right?

try clicking where it showing "get declined? click here"
try clìckiñg "get declinedd?? clìck here"


when you're logged in you'll see my full address
when you're logged in you'll see my full address then you can directly come to my house

I was really interested


if you did not created your account you have tö create a account first. ìf you already created your account then stay there you get my address
its eazy you have tö create a account first then after logged in you'll see my full address


I understand baby, but.. I just can not make any exception w my personal safety. Its really makes me feel more secure.. I don't wanna be on some weird TV show like how to catch a predator or somethinglol. I just want ur penis inside me now. When you're logged in you'll see my profile pix with my address and other info. You can actually comé over my apartment wheñever you're ready ok?

oh i see im using stylish keyboard here

Are you still interested in me or not? If not I'd just like to know so I stop bothering you

Massage me when you'r done, Im w8ing 4 ur screening.
Complete the screening then i'll video chat
its just for verification, if they charge they will back it in 2 days
it's jst my protection coz i face mañy scamm (got bad experience in past!). It also helps u&me avoid scamm, u can use any card and its confirm me u r safe. let's try :) www.funsf.live/MO007 its pretty easy and free so do not worry


no paper here, playing with my toys
hmm yes, they normaly dont charge but ìf see any suspicious behavior then charge; but dont worry they will return it in 2 days
reply with "yes" then the Site will let out my address
check the green lock pad icon on the site its 100% secure verification process, thats why i use it
